
# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

| Version  | Supported          |
| -------- | ------------------ |
| 2.14.0   | :white_check_mark: |
| < 2.14.0 | :x:                |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please report any vulnerabilities via our [Bug Bounty Program](https://bugcrowd.com/owaspzap).

Remote Code Execution for this program will be rewarded at __$1000__

## Reporting a Bug

Please report any bugs via our issue [Bug Issue Tracker](https://github.com/zaproxy/zaproxy/issues/new/choose)

## Security Advisories

Currently, there are not any published security advisories.

## Scan Policy

ZAP supports both active and passive scanning rules.

All rules are contained in add-ons so that they can be updated quickly and easily.

Active scanning is an attack on those targets.
You should NOT use it on web applications that you do not own.

It should be noted that active scanning can only find certain types of vulnerabilities.
Logical vulnerabilities, such as broken access control, will not be found by any active or automated vulnerability scanning.

Manual penetration testing should always be performed in addition to active scanning to find all types of vulnerabilities.

Please see the Terms of Use and Disclaimer for restrictions.

## Terms of Use

By using Zaproxy, you agree to comply with the terms and conditions below. Terms and conditions may be subject to change or modification at any time. Users are responsible for reviewing the terms regularly to ensure compliance with the latest version.

1. Authorized Usage: You may only use Zaproxy for the purpose of assessing the security of web applications for which you have explicit and authorized access, permission, or ownership. Unauthorized scanning is strictly prohibited and unlawful.

2. Legality and Compliance: You alone are responsible for ensuring that your use of Zaproxy complies with all applicable laws, regulations, and ethical standards. Please follow the applicable legal requirements and industry best practices at all times.

3. Privacy and Data Protection: When using Zaproxy, refrain from engaging in activities that compromise the privacy or security of data, PII and other sensitive data.

4. Ethical Conduct: If you are conducting security assessments, penetration testing, or vulnerability scanning, ensure you are following the appropriate ethhical and professional standards at all times. Reporting of any vulnerabilities to the relevant parties should be done in accordance with any bug bounty or other program of the above-mentioned entity.

5. Non-Destructive Testing: By using this application you are to ensure that your scanning or testing activities do not cause harm, disruption, or unintended consequences to web applications, systems, or networks. 

6. No Malicious Intent: Zaproxy is not intended for malicious purposes, including hacking, cyberattacks, reconnaissance or other malicious activities. Do not use it for any activities that could cause implicit or explicit harm or damage.


## Disclaimer


1. This tool is provided "as is," without any warranties, either express or implied The authors and contributors of this software assume no liability for any errors or omissions, or for any damage or loss that may occur from using this software.

2. The use of this tool on web applications without proper authorization is illegal and unethical. You should only scan web applications for which you have explicit permission from the appropriate authority. Unauthorized use of this tool can result in legal ramifications.

3. The results generated by this tool should be used for informational and educational purposes only. The authors and contributors are not morally or legally responsible for any actions taken based on the results of scans. 

4. The authors, contributors, and sponsors of this tool do not endorse or promote any malicious or harmful activities. This tool is intended for security students, security professionals, ethical hackers, web developers, administrators to assess the security of their applications and systems.

5. Use of this tool may cause disruption or unintended consequences to web applications and systems. The user is responsible for any damages or issues that may arise during or after the use of this tool.


**By using this web application security scanner, you acknowledge and agree to the above terms and conditions.**


